[Music]
I'm not on the trip alone Cuba I'm
actually here with a lot of amazing
photographers I need I need to introduce
them to you
[Music]
couple of months ago I went to Cuba I
went with a group of photographers who
are a part of a group called the Sony
Alpha collective and I also went with
the cameras or Adorama the chain from
Adorama was filming us as we went about
our way in Cuba and they actually made
seven mini docu-series
episodes I will link them down in
description below but as I was there I
was with a lot of amazing photographers
I have an eye and I think I take decent
pictures but I'm not necessarily a
photographer first so it was insane to
see Chico through the eyes of these
photographers definitely go fall down
there links will be in the description
below as well Cuba is so insanely
beautiful and the people are too we
actually had the opportunity to go into
people's homes and have real
conversations of what life is like what
is they do where their job a lady's name
was Cecilia she is a street performer
and also a fortune teller a lot of
fortune tellers around here maybe I need
my fortune
[Music]
I did a major industry you sell coffee
and more that you get into the Saudis
yes it's a travel time and they are
amazing people to very humble so easy
together when I let me hit like that
okay
we need to be a mechanic and he give
organic pork for chopped up outside
you still substitute to the smell here
but smell like what paint shampoo he
writes animals here too they can
[Music]
please
it was honestly a very overwhelming
experience just because it is so
different and I'm fully aware that the
topic of Cuba is so complex I remember I
posted a very short vlog I think it was
bream it when I was actually in Cuba I
really didn't think twice about showing
a minute here and there of beautiful
slow-mo Cuba car footage and stuff but I
already had comments of how dare you
visit that country and put your money
towards communism and I get it because
the only thing that I thought about when
I thought about Cuba before visiting
with communism that was the only word
that I associated with it but there's
much much more than that
[Music]
you
basically he started having coffee with
all the artists around the area and
think of this as like a Cuban co-working
space it's so inspiring you just all the
things here and you know all the people
that hang out do art and just have
community it's amazing they make you sit
so a lot of people actually hitchhike
here just the babies classes you just to
be involved with this part and hopefully
have their art schools
[Applause]
[Music]
these kids don't don't know what
Instagram is don't know what Twitter is
they very very limited access to the
Internet and here you know they do a ton
of different classes and isn't wanting
to do for piracy can teach photography
and video but they've never had the
cameras or resources to do it and so I
actually donated like ten cameras to
these kids and it was so fun because I
can do zan they're showing showing them
the video that he made and it's so cool
to see them watch something and maybe
they get their own ideas and how they
can document their lives and Cuba is
really rad because now they have those
resources to then go and just create
[Music]
buzzer what's up Brooklyn hissing what's
up hey koala yeah yeah into know those
trees
hey she has this really cool game three
years old text pictures and I'm dying
medium and we want to take a portrait
like a mystic wall right here she's
gonna love that please come over to hang
out with Steve think we all know me
Vanessa and create we have renovating
looks better
[Music]
just some part came in little power more
balls able to interview a lot of
incredible people that I will hopefully
be able to show through a documentary
that I am now diving into I just got a
computer that can handle 4k footage it
sounds silly but that's why I think I've
been delayed because it has been
impossible just to view the videos that
I draw back and hopefully I can explore
the history and the political climate of
the country better in said documentary
but this is kind of a blog that I wanted
to give you a taste of beautiful vibrant
side of Cuba
oh my god you live here how many years a
friend of your kind offer but I got a
job for 30 well yes Wow unbelievable
it's ten floor levels
[Music]